Theme: Human in the Loop (HITL)

Mentor’s Goals

Something that can improve other systems/projects (make HITL better, insert HITL, etc…)
AI improving human performance, not replacing it
Improving employee experience, not just the customer’s

Real World Problem
Humans get frustrated when interacting with AIs, especially when they are forced to use Chatbots for support.

Solution
A module that intercepts the communication between human and AI improves the experience for the customer and for any employees that are later required to interact with frustrated customers.

Overview
Agentic AI framework with specialized agents and performance dashboard.

Quality Agent - before providing the Chatbot’s answer to the customer, the Quality Agent reviews the answer and decides if it is: adequate (to whatever threshold), needs adjustment, or needs human intervention. Manages the process of adjusting the answer if this is chosen.

Frustration Agent - analyses the customer’s comments and if it detects frustration (at whatever threshold is chosen), then it sends it for human intervention once threshold is reached.

Routing Agent - once human intervention is chosen, then the Routing Agent chooses the “best” human to send the query to. (This can also be used to improve the employee experience - balancing the workload, limiting the number of irate customers each person has to deal with, make sure they receive queries they can handle well, etc…)

Context Manager Agent - retrieves context for each query and delivers it to the other agents and to the humans as necessary (searches SQL database for relevant past interactions, websearch, etc…)

Dashboard - display key business metrics (customer sentiment, resolution times, etc…) as well as system metrics (model latency, average number of tokens, etc…)

Simulation Agents:  Human Customer, Chatbot, Employees

Demo
Customer / Chatbot interaction with Employee intervention scenarios (frustrated customer, bad answers, etc..)

One of us can type in questions for the chatbot into one window, and other windows will track and display how each agent involves itself until the issue is resolved.